README.md, before:

# p2_jas497

Response to problem set number two.

## Example usage

With a `stdr_*` GUI launched, run both of these nodes (*N.B.* bring
them online in this order.  RC depends on the warnings from LA):

```bash
$ rosrun p2_jas497 p2_lidar_alarm
$ rosrun p2_jas497 p2_reactive_commander
```

## More documentation

See `report.(tex|pdf)` for the brief write-up.

# Prompt (copied verbatim and refomatted for Markdown)

## PS2

For this assignment, you should upgrade the "lidar_alarm.cpp" code in
the provided "lidar_alarm" package to make it smarter.

Instead of relying on only a single "ping" to detect obstacles in the
robot's path, it should examine an entire "corridor".

Run your revised lidar_alarm node together with the STDR simulator and
a reactive motion commander.  At a minimum you can use the
"reactive_commander.cpp" in the provided "stdr_control" package.
Better still, you could (optionally) make this commander more
intelligent (or at least more interesting).

## Deliverables

- Your code, in package form, with CMakeLists.txt, package.xml, and
  source in a *ROS package* form (*Do NOT just submit the CPP file!*)

- A brief report describing your theory of operation (your algorithm's
  logic for lidar_alarm, and, optionally, reactive_commander)

- a Kazaam [sic] movie (*.mp4) of your nodes running the STDR
  simulator.

*Please ZIP all of these things up in a folder titled "p2_caseID.zip"
(ex. p2_abc123.zip)*

Commit message:

Wall follower works!  Bit wonky, crashed at end, but made it to the upper-left corner!

README.md, after:

# p2_jas497

Response to problem set number two.

## Example usage

With a `stdr_*` GUI launched, run both of these nodes (*N.B.* bring
them online in this order.  RC depends on the warnings from LA):

```bash
$ rosrun p2_jas497 p2_lidar_alarm
$ rosrun p2_jas497 p2_reactive_commander
```

Alternatively, the second command can be replaced with `$ rosrun
p2_jas497 p2_reactive_commander_wall_follower` to witness the robot
attempt (successfully! see video) to track the wall.  This optional
component of the assignment has not been documented (nor the code
cleaned up much) due to time constraints.

## Videos

"stock" refers to the provided RC while "custom" the wall follower.

## More documentation

See `report.(tex|pdf)` for the brief write-up.

# Prompt (copied verbatim and refomatted for Markdown)

## PS2

For this assignment, you should upgrade the "lidar_alarm.cpp" code in
the provided "lidar_alarm" package to make it smarter.

Instead of relying on only a single "ping" to detect obstacles in the
robot's path, it should examine an entire "corridor".

Run your revised lidar_alarm node together with the STDR simulator and
a reactive motion commander.  At a minimum you can use the
"reactive_commander.cpp" in the provided "stdr_control" package.
Better still, you could (optionally) make this commander more
intelligent (or at least more interesting).

## Deliverables

- Your code, in package form, with CMakeLists.txt, package.xml, and
  source in a *ROS package* form (*Do NOT just submit the CPP file!*)

- A brief report describing your theory of operation (your algorithm's
  logic for lidar_alarm, and, optionally, reactive_commander)

- a Kazaam [sic] movie (*.mp4) of your nodes running the STDR
  simulator.

*Please ZIP all of these things up in a folder titled "p2_caseID.zip"
(ex. p2_abc123.zip)*
